# 20170313
# what you have done today:
1. read the post about redux-thunk
2. Did one sample about async redux sample

# what you have learned today:
1. what is the redux thunk. the redux thunk is a function that did some override on store.dispatch which make the store.dispatch can accept function and obejct.

and applyMiddleware([]) functions make the middleware to the dispatch.
Need more time to understand.

thunk let the action can get control of dispatch and getState which is useful to in async actions which action know when to dispach sync action.

2. intelj keymap shortcode:
 ctrl + tab => switch the opened tab
 ctrl + G => select next same item mutil line

 alt + cmd + ↑/↓ => select mutil line

 cmd + - => fold
 shift + cmd + - => fold all
 cmd + + => expeand
 shift +cmd + + => expend all

 # 20170316
# what you have leant today
1. webpack 2 thing 4 concepts
2. react server side rendering

# what you have learnt today
1. the webpack have 4 concepts. which is entry, output, loaders, and pulgins.
- The entry is the start point which the js file start to be processed.
entry can be mutiple, mutiple entry will have mutile output?
- and output is the output file which the final output is.
- loaders are the loader to loader file. since the webpack only know js. so when they meet css, image, and other file you should use specific loader to loader that file.
- plugins are the plugin tools to help you to do some work.


2. React ServerSide Rendering.
- the ComponmentDidMount can't be called in ServerSide Rendering so the hook can be added into the WillMount Method.
- if you would like to give the all html file which is have all the data. (the data is comming from a api call). in server side you should wait the data is fetched back and in the then serve the data to store.

[Rea blog](https://community.rea-group.com/docs/DOC-60450-so-you-want-an-isomorphic-javascript-application?et=watches.email.outcome)

[sample App](https://github.com/azaharakis/app-with-server-rendering/blob/master/src/server/middleware.js)

